we begin in Gaza where Israel is
continuing its attacks across the strip
at least 20 Palestinians including
children have been killed in Israeli
strikes on the al- magazi and nus camps
in central Gaza eyewitnesses say a group
of children were playing near a camp for
displaced families let's bring in our
correspondent hanim makm he's joining us
live from Rafa in southern Gaza and the
latest Israeli strike killing children
in a playground hny what are you hearing
about the terrible attack on magazi
refugee camp which has been the sight of
so many
attacks yes well this particular attack
is one of so many attacks happen across
the Gaza Strip deliberate attacks taking
place all over the Gaza Strip just
feeding into one conclusion Gaza has
evolved into a Killing Zone as the
Israeli military deliberately targeting
everyone right now including children
and what we're seeing is a playground
that happened to be located in a busy
Marketplace area in Al magazi a refugee
camp this place has been repeatedly
attacked in the past and since the
beginning of this genocidal War but what
we're seeing right now is uh no no terms
in the attacks on the children and the
fact we're seeing here those children of
displaced families and as a father of
children who understand these difficult
times it's hard to keep the children
inside inside tents or or other people's
residential home just given the fact
that there are no schools no no sport
clubs nothing to keep them entertained
and while at the same time they want to
stay safe keep them safe and protected
it is always good to give them a little
bit of a freedom just to release some of
the negative energy that they have been
piling up since the beginning of the
world only to be targeted and killed at
this playground and one wonder what have
these kids done to be killed in this way
and it's just so horrific the scenes
that we we looked at and the footage
emerging from the the playground in Al
Camp close to 20 people as I said it's a
busy Marketplace area where the
playground is located and at the attack
happened at a very at a rush hour where
everybody's trying to get what they are
able to get from whether Food Supplies
or water supplies and get back to their
homes and of course Hy they join the
14,000 other children who have been
killed in Gaza since October 7th gaza's
Health Ministry saying that 46 people
have been killed 110 injured in attacks
over the past
day yes absolutely and it it fits
consistent with the narrative made by
UNICEF who describ Gaza Strip largely as
a graveyard full of children given the
zero and shattered sense of safety not
only for adults and and other people but
also also for it children and we seen
this pattern happening the fact that
there are 14,000 children have been
killed since the beginning of this
genocidal war and thousand other are
missing with other family members and it
trapped under the rebels and indic is an
indication that there are no limits and
no terms of this war and as I stated
earlier the Israeli military is pushing
Gaza to evolve into a Killing Zone
because everywhere you go you will see
Road fill rubbles you see destroyed
buildings damaged healthc care
facilities and destroyed the schools and
infrastructure that turn into pile of
rebels the entire Gaza STP turned into
uh pretty much a wasteland that is not
suitable for living that is soon enough
will become uninhabitable just given the
patterns of of bombings and attacks
across the
trip honey thank you very much for that
that's honey mm joining us live from
Rafa and Southern
Gaza let's get more on the humanitarian
Ian situation in Gaza joining us now
from Rafa is akmed halabi he's executive
director of the aid organization rakma
worldwide thank you for your time can
you tell us about the work that your
organization is doing in Gaza in terms
of who you're helping and
how um hello uh so arriving here to Gaza
uh last night with a convoy of the
medical Mission a medical Miss rahma
Medical mission number eight uh coming
here to as part of what we're doing in
alleviating the pain and helping
Humanity uh we have 26 doctors from all
different Specialties uh and critically
uh uh individuals who will uh operate
and uh help the people and the wounded
uh in addition to that uh it we will we
will send 13 doctors uh of very highly
specialized uh persons and medical
professionals to North Gaza so this is
going to be our first uh attempt and in
coordination with the local authorities
to be in North Gaza starting tomorrow
and operating on individuals there in
addition to that uh we have so far
provided over 130 containers full of
medical supplies food baskets and uh
shelter items so far into Gaza and uh
starting tomorrow we will also provide
uh the convoys going into North Gaza for
the very first time okay Mr halabi the
doctors that have come into Gaza are
they working in in the hospitals in Gaza
and if so what are the conditions that
they finding in the
hospitals yes so they will be joining in
the European hospitals and Sh ala
Hospital in addition to the other
hospitals that uh the 13 medical doctors
going into the north Gaza uh one of the
hospitals that will be operating is
Kamal adwan of course as we know Kamal
adwan has been hit uh but it's operating
about 30% at this point and the doctors
that are going are from Orthopedics and
cardiovascular and uh other Specialties
who is needed in that area um and and uh
yeah okay your organization I understand
Works to help some of the most
vulnerable in Gaza including women and
children tell us about some of the the
conditions that these groups are dealing
with on the ground that you can
see well as we can see um hundreds and
thousands of people are U Ling all over
the place uh inside the hospitals the
conditions are extremely dire uh people
are taking shelter inside the hospitals
uh just to stay safe
and to stay close to the medical
facilities uh many of those individuals
have families are being treated or
they're just staying because they are
displaced from the north and from
different areas uh so the displacement
is a huge problem uh We've as we know in
in Al in Rafa City only uh about 1.5
million people have been displaced and
uh hundreds of thousands of other people
have been displaced from different
cities into the Rafa area so this is
creating a strain on the limit on the
resources which is are extremely limited
and uh the authorities here are uh you
know trying to deal with the masses and
helping what they can but of course the
resources are extremely uh thin and uh
we need all of the assistance and the
help uh that uh we can be provided yeah
and given you know 1.5 million people
that's nearly 34s of gaza's population
crammed into Rafa on the border with
Egypt just how concerned are you about
Israel's you know stated plan for an
attack on
Rafa well this is extremely concerning
especially from the medical point of
view um having already as strained
medical facilities uh many of those have
been decommissioned and they're out of
service and to add uh more uh injuries
and wounded uh that will require more
medical need
uh is is extremely difficult for all the
doctors that are treating we know that
many people are waiting in line for some
surgeries that will take many weeks uh
or waiting for a doctor that will come
from outside to operate on that uh uh on
those cases so um you know any any
further escalation of the situation will
only uh exacerbate current resources and
make it difficult for the uh convoys to
uh conduct its humanitarian work Ahmed
halabi of rahma worldwide thank you so
much for your time we really appreciate
it make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al jazer